fix: :wastebasket: Deprecation notice for js-ipfs (#1628)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/how-to/companion-node-types.md

> ## Embedded

Reviewer: Can we just remove the full Embedded section?

::: warning DEPRECATED

js-ipfs has been deprecated in favor of [Helia](https://github.com/ipfs/helia) and will be removed in a future release of IPFS Companion. Improvements to Helia are ongoing, and we hope to have it ready for use in IPFS Companion once critical features like [webRTC Streams](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/72) are available in Chrome Manifest V3.

> :::

Reviewer: @whizzzkid : I think this just adds noise.  This can be in our backlogged but this was a non-functioning feature.  I think we should just strip it out.

:::

::: warning Deprecation Notice for Chrome Manifest V3

> Chrome Manifest V3 is the new version of the Chrome extension platform that IPFS Companion will support in the near future ([tracking issue](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-companion/issues/1152)). The embedded node type is not available in Chrome MV3 and will be removed from the extension in a future release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chrome Manifest V3 is the new version of the Chrome extension platform that IPFS Companion will support in the near future. Currently, the embedded node type is unavailable in Chrome MV3 and will be removed from the extension in a future release. For further information, see the [tracking issue in GitHub](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-companion/issues/1152).
```
